[NEKU] Day four of
the Reapers' Game, huh?
[NEKU]
What happens if I survive?
Will anything change?
[SHIKI] I think that really
depends on the person.
All I know is I don't
wanna give up.
On what?
My dream.
It's crazy here.
So many people from
so many walks of life.
I hate this ward. It sucks.
It's full of
self‐absorbed try‐hards
just screeching at each other.
They're the real Noise.
'Sup? We've been
lookin' for you two.
Have you guys checked
out 104 today?
The walls over there are gone!
Oh, wow! That's great!
[BEAT] Be greater if everywhere
else wasn't blocked.
What kinda trouble
you kids gettin' into?
You besties now, or what?
[NEKU]
That's a no.
We just took a time‐out
to people watch.
Ah. I'm not a big
fan of scans, myself.
It's freaky hearing all
those different thoughts
going through everybody's heads.
[RHYME] Yeah, like listening to
a radio where everyone's values
are trying to come
in the loudest.
Straight trippy.
There's a gazillion
people around,
but not a single one
ever notices us.
Yeah. Makes you feel
kinda sad, doesn't it?
[NEKU]
Not me.
Thanks to the Underground,
nobody notices me,
so nobody bothers me.
I don't have to talk
with anyone. Ever.
Ya know, you say some
really depressing stuff
every now and then.
You good?
Yeah. Talking with people
is just pointless.
Scanning tells me exactly what
they think. It's nice and easy.
True, but...
it's also very lonely.
Better to talk things out
so you can learn to
understand each other.
I think so, at least.
You do?
[SHIKI]
Mh‐hm.
I love your plushie.
It's super cute!
Oh, Mister Mew?
[RHYME]
That's his name?
[SHIKI] Uh‐huh. Stitched
him together myself.
You wanna feel?
Sure!
[RHYME squeals]
He's so fluffy!
You're amazing, Shiki!
And I also made the
clothes I have on.
[NEKU, BEAT gasp]
I'm impressed.
‐‐Same.
‐‐Thanks.
One day, I wanna become a
professional fashion designer.
That's awesome.
You have a dream.
I'm not entirely sure what that
feels like, but I bet it's nice.
You're not sure?
Just say you don't have one.
[gasps]
Phones! Can it!
Beat, dial it back! All right?
[BEAT] Listen, Rhyme,
there's no time limit.
You just keep doin' you.
Before you know it, a dream'll
land right in your lap.
Doesn't matter if you
don't have one now
'cause one day you will.
Like mine. I wanna be the
world's best skateboarder.
Right! I'll keep on moving
forward and find my own dream.
[SHIKI] That pendant you're
wearing is, like, super rare.
My friends and I stood in line
for hours trying to get one,
but never did.
Oh, this thing was actually
a birthday present
from my older brother.
Aw. I like him already!
Yeah?
He's such a nice guy. I hope
he knows how proud I am.
[WOMAN C] I hear they're
having an event at 104!
[NEKU]
What?
Love that store!
Let's go!
Hold up. Why's everyone
gettin' excited?
Looks like something's going
down at the 104 building.
Well, we still haven't
gotten a mission.
You wanna check it out?
If it ain't a part of a mission,
then I ain't interested.
Wait! Then where are you going?
Bye! Hope to see you soon!
There they go.
Do you not care either?
[NEKU sighs]
[NEKU]
I'll go if you want to.
Whoa! The size of
this crowd is insane!
Yep! A typical day for 104.
Oh! Those outfits are brand new!
Wow! These are like
the definition of cute!
Kind of inspiring, huh, Eri?
[NEKU]
Eri?
Sorry. My friend and
I used to come here.
‐‐[CROWD cheering]
‐‐[NEKU gasps]
Is there Noise?
Eiji!
Marry me!
[NEKU]
Who's that guy?
[SHIKI]
Eiji Oji.
People can't get enough of his
don't‐give‐a‐damn attitude,
and now he's a star.
Ahh!
[CROWD screaming]
Come on! All he did
was drink water!
[SHIKI]
They say, "The Prince sells."
Everything he compliments flies
off the shelves in seconds.
You know that bell
pendant that Rhyme has?
It took off 'cause
Eiji blogged it.
That why you wasted hours
of your life in that line?
Yeah. He's def influenced
my personal taste.
The guy just really
knows his stuff
when it comes to fashion,
and I respect that.
That's right. You said
you made your clothes.
They look like what you'd
buy in a store, though.
Thanks, but I just sewed 'em.
They were designed
by my friend, Eri.
It'd be nice to earn a
living by making clothes.
To see tons of people
decked out in our creations.
We'll make clothes that
make people happy.
Huh. That so?
[SHIKI]
Mm‐hmm.
Anyway, would you mind if
I window shop a little more?
Nope.
[NEKU] You're trying so hard,
and I think I know why.
If you survive these seven days,
will your dream
magically come true?
[phone buzzing]
[NEKU] "Free Spain Hill from the
Noise. You have 200 minutes."
Why don't you back off?!
That's enough!
We're not even making a dent!
Maybe there's something
attracting them here.
[gasps]
[SHIKI]
Neku! Those girls!
'Cause I can't help but
feel like you're mad.
Well, I'm not, 'kay?
Liar! Just tell me why!
There isn't anything to tell!
If I were upset...
[NEKU]
Jeez! It's never‐ending!
What did they do to make
it this bad anyway?
No idea. But they're
definitely the source!
[NEKU]
No matter how many we erase,
new Noise keep on coming!
Well, I'll figure
something out!
Hey, think you can
clear a path for us?
[NEKU]
Sure! Piece of cake!
Watch yourself!
[yells]
[SHIKI] Why are they
butting heads like this?
[AI] I can't believe she has
the nerve to call me a liar
when I know for a fact she's met
up with Makoto behind my back!
[MINA] Okay, I'm 99% positive
she's got the wrong idea.
Trying to surprise her
might've backfired.
Right. I'm going
to use Imprinting.
[NEKU]
What's "Imprinting"?
It's an ability the
Player pin grants.
It allows us to use telepathy
and speak directly
to their minds.
Please be honest
and communicate.
You can work this out.
[BOTH gasp]
All right, fine!
I know you've been seeing Makoto
and keeping it a secret!
Hah. Nothing gets past
you, does it, Ai?
Well? Aren't you the
least bit ashamed?
[MINA]
Here ya go.
What are these?
Don't change the subject.
I was trying to surprise you.
I know you like 777.
Huh?
You still wanna go
to his concert?
I hope so. Makoto thought it'd
be the perfect b‐day gift.
If you saw us talking,
that was why.
It was for me?
Oh, gosh! I'm so sorry!
Heh. I think that these
tickets are more trouble
than they're worth.
I'm such an idiot. Thank you!
[MINA chuckles]
Okay! That should stop
them from appearing!
[NEKU]
Cool!
Which means...
they're all that's left!
Let's move!
We did it!
[NEKU]
Yeah.
I'll treat you somewhere...
I'm happy those two managed
to patch things up in the end.
Always.
Friends are such a pain.
Gonna have to disagree.
People need friends.
They make the world brighter
when dark clouds
start rolling in.
[ERI'S FRIEND]
What're you doing later, Eri?
[ERI]
Not sure yet.
Let's get outta here, ASAP!
Wha‐‐? Hey!
What's gotten into you?
I just really wanna leave!
[ERI]
Oh. You mean Shiki.
[gasps]
That girl, she could
pass for your twin!
It's, uh, complicated.
[ERI'S FRIEND] If you wanna
talk, I'm happy to listen.
[SHIKI]
That girl is Eri.
I look like her
because here, I am her.
[NEKU]
Day five.
Hey. You okay?
Sorry. I, um, might
not be helpful now.
Why is that? What happened?
[phone buzzing]
[NEKU] "Dominate the Scramble
Crossing view at three o'clock."
Dominate the view?
[MAKOTO]
By three PM today?
I‐I'm sorry, but that
just isn't enough time!
If anyone can make it work,
it's you, Makoto.
The ad'll show here!
Already bought and paid for
an exclusive viewing
at three o'clock!
Make it so everybody's eyes
are glued to that screen.
Cool? You've got this, Mick.
I‐‐ Wait.
Scramble Crossing's popular,
but nobody pays attention
to that screen!
Is what they're saying
connected to our mission?
Hey.
[SHIKI gasps]
My bad. I guess I zoned out.
[NEKU] Thinking of your
identical twin, I take it?
Huh? Yeah.
Remember? I told you
'bout Eri yesterday?
She's cute and smart.
Everybody likes her.
And I'm no exception to that.
Deep down, I wished that
I could somehow be her.
[NEKU] Well, that makes
zero sense to me.
Before, you said it's your
dream to make clothes.
You want 'em to make
people happy. Don't you?
I do.
[NEKU]
Shiki, from what I've gathered,
I think you're fine
the way you are.
Let's go clear this mission.
'Kay.
So, any bright ideas
about what we should do?
Find that Eiji Oji guy.
Since everyone and their grandma
will listen to whatever he says.
[NAO]
This water is totes refreshing.
Like, how does the
Prince always know?
[NEKU] That's the brand he was
splashing around yesterday.
Yep. So I think I'm gonna
try scanning them.
It might give us a hint
to Eiji's whereabouts.
[SOTA]
Oh. Sure thing.
Thank you, hun! Love ya!
We're in luck, Neku.
He's gonna hold an event at AMX.
And we're giving
all of these out?
That's right.
I'm under a buncha
pressure from the boss
to make these things big.
[OJI] This design, it looks
like a shiny little red skull.
[NEKU] Damn it! Why put
a wall here of all places?
We're already
running low on time!
Wonder what we have to do
to make it break down for us.
There's no Noise to defeat.
[gasps] What the‐‐?
[SUPPORT REAPER A]
The requirements have been met.
I'll release this wall.
It just vanished.
[SUPPORT REAPER A]
Go. Take care of that pin.
It's up to you.
[NEKU, SHIKI gasp]
What was that about?
Something about taking
care of a certain pin,
whatever that means.
My pocket! It started glowing
the second I touched the wall!
You've got most of the pins.
What do I have that you don't?
[NEKU] The "special merch"
you got from that band Reaper.
[SHIKI]
Oh! I bet that's it.
It's weird. 777 was
really approachable.
I know Reapers are our foes,
but are some also friends?
Hang on.
Neku, why do you have
two Player pins?
I could've sworn
all participants
were only supposed to have one.
You tell me.
I'm still clueless as to why
I'm even playing this game.
I don't know anything.
Well, uh, maybe...
Oh, I know how that second
pin can come in handy!
Yeah! Keep it somewhere
close to your heart.
That way it can stop a bullet,
like a miniature shield!
[NEKU chuckles]
[SHIKI gasps]
Nice to see that
somebody's bouncing back.
[SHIKI]
Uh. Who, me?
[NEKU chuckles]
[SHIKI] Hold up, Neku!
What did you mean?
[CROWD screaming]
Thank you for coming out!
Last night, I was relaxing,
sipping Aquan,
lost in an ocean of
thoughts... when it hit me.
I proudly present
Red Skull pins!
What would happen if you adorned
yourselves with these beauties?
[NEKU]
We made it.
Well, it would be the birth of
a glorious trend, for starters!
Intrigued? If so, come join
me and be a trendsetter!
Time for a little Imprint.
[NEKU]
When three o'clock rolls around,
check the giant
screen at Q Front.
Aha! Now here's an idea!
Get the pins, put them on,
then at three, watch Q
Front's colossal screen!
Come on, it'll be our promise?
[CROWD screaming]
[NEKU grumbles]
[MAKOTO]
It's gonna be a sight to see.
Turn your attention to Scramble
Crossing's big screen
at three o'clock!
Huh? Am I dreaming or did
the crowd really grow?
I think our plan
might actually work.
I sure hope so.
[AI]
Oh! Makoto!
Huh? Hi, girls!
[SHIKI]
Huh? Well, what do you know?
...did a good job keeping
the tickets secret,
whereas I, on the
other hand, caved.
That's awesome! Everyone
gets a happy ending!
[NEKU]
We'll find out. Time's up.
[NEKU, SHIKI gasp]
Jeez. Do you know
what's going on?
What's that in the air?
Some kinda Noise?
Or is it something else?
What the heck? They should've
warned us about this!
Was that not enough
to meet the objective?
[PLAYER A screams]
[NEKU]
This is it. We're done for.
[gasps]
What'd you ladies think?
‐‐[AI] Pretty cool.
‐‐[NAO] I think I'm in love.
[NEKU] Okay. What in
the world was that?
[SHIKI] Not sure, but at least
we cleared the mission.
So I guess we're safe, for now.
That was unlike
anything we've faced.
Yeah.
A lot of Players are gone,
erased in the blink of an eye.
If it hadn't let up,
I'd be gone, too.
[SHIKI] You've been saving
my neck since day one.
I really need to up my game.
I think your game
is good as it is.
You thought to help that techie.
Then you served as the mediator
for those schoolgirls.
We keep winning because
you don't abandon people.
I mean...
You had every right to ditch me,
but you chose to stay.
You've saved loads of people
simply by acting how
you did when you did.
You're fine. So give yourself
more credit, okay?
That means a lot. Thanks.
I haven't known you for long,
but you've already changed.
[NEKU]
You think?
If I have...
...it's because I never wanna
screw up like that again.
I wouldn't worry.
Give yourself more credit, Neku.
[ERI'S FRIEND]
You seem so down, Eri.
Is everything okay?
Oh. Today was meant to be fun,
but I'm spoiling it.
[ERI'S FRIEND]
Could still salvage it
if you tell me what's wrong.
[ERI]
Uh. Yeah, okay.
Though I'm still on the fence,
I think I'm going to
give up designing.
[SHIKI gasps]
You'll quit something
you're that good at?
Eri. How come?
You can find out right now
if you give her a scan.
I could never! Not for
such a petty reason.
Invading my friend's private
thoughts just feels wrong.
She's oblivious, so it's
not like she cares.
It'd be a cinch.
No, it wouldn't. I can't.
I don't want to!
Learning what Eri thought of the
girl I was before scares me.
[ERI'S FRIEND]
So, what?
You're throwing your fashion
designer dream out the window?
It won't happen without Shiki.
[gasps]
She was so talented.
Even my small ideas were turned
into ensembles. Always.
She worked hard,
honed her craft each day.
She was ten times
more gifted than I am.
Eri.
But I couldn't find
a way to tell her,
and wound up hurting her.
I saw her getting frustrated
because she didn't think she
was good at designing clothes.
I said, "Maybe you're not meant
to design" to downplay it.
Sewing was her strength,
and I thought she'd agree.
The way I phrased it could've
been better, though.
[ERI]
I regretted it instantly.
I was going to apologize as soon
as I saw her the next day.
But now... I can't.
I'll never, ever see her again!
Yes, they may have
been my designs,
but Shiki was the one
who made them all real.
We were a team.
That's why... I can't do it.
Not without Shiki.
All this time... she thought
that highly of me?
[ERI]
It was our dream.
We wanted to brighten the world
with the clothes we made.
We always talked
about the future.
But now she's...
[SHIKI]
I'm right here.
You and I still have
the same dream.
Neku, I don't have any doubts.
I wanna come back to life
and fulfill our dream.
Um, I'm sorry.
That some kinda code?
[SHIKI] Oh, right. You don't
remember that either.
The game that we're
playing isn't free.
And my appearance was
the entry fee I paid with.
Since I still needed a body
to play, they gave me Eri's.
So, yeah, I don't really
look like this.
What the heck are you saying?
[SHIKI] The Reapers' Game
is an examination
to see who's worthy of
a second chance at life.
I died in an accident.
[NEKU]
Wait... How?
When did I...?
I'm dead?
[NEKU]
Next time: "Erased."